One afternoon
as we were going to our meeting,
I was robbed by a couple of thieves
—young men.
But right away, there at home,
we realized that the best thing to do
was to go to the meeting anyway.
We just had to go to the meeting.
It didn’t make any sense to stay at home crying
and feeling all negative and frustrated.
At the Kingdom Hall you feel refreshed.
It’s a safe place and you feel at peace.
Your thoughts calm down,
and those terrible feelings
caused by being a victim
of the bad things
that happen in this system dissipate.
This was the third vehicle I’d had as a taxi driver.
It was a really big blow financially.
The brothers found out
that I had lost my means of living.
I no longer had an income.
And while I was wondering what to do,
they began to attend to each of our needs.
David, my son
—he left to go on a Bible study
with another brother from the congregation.
But less than half an hour later,
I got a call from the brother who was with him.
He gave me the terrible news
that my son had been run over.
Well,
when we got to where he was being treated,
there were many brothers there already
—many brothers.
To this day,
I can’t figure out how they got there so quickly.
Who called them?
How did they find out?
Our son’s accident was so distressing.
Our hearts took a beating.
As my heart was aching,
it was as if Jehovah took my heart in his hand
and caressed it:
‘Don’t you worry. Calm down.
‘Everything will be all right.
‘Just keep calm.
‘You’ve suffered a test,
but now you will see my hand in this.
‘I won’t be coming down
to be with you personally,
but look at all that’s happening.’
And we saw Jehovah’s power.
I’m not saying that it was good that it happened,
but it is important to see
how Jehovah takes care of things.
Not a year passed by between the theft of my car
and my son’s accident.
The brothers were always there for us
—a greeting, a hearty handshake,
a meaningful, “We’re right here, brother.”
And often there was
something in that handshake
—money for things we needed at that moment.
Thanks to Jehovah,
my wife, my son, and I feel very happy
and amazed by all the good things
Jehovah does for us each day.
I want to take hold of Jehovah’s hand.
I concentrate on that and pray every day
to be able to cope with whatever problems arise.
And another important thing:
I know that I can count on my friends.
I don’t have to face things alone.
I had a comfortable economic situation.
For 20 years I worked
as the supervisor of a firm
contracted by the oil industry.
My family of five
—made up of my wife,
my three daughters, and myself—
never had to worry about food.
One afternoon,
as I watched the news on television,
I learned that the company I worked for
had come under new management.
That Monday, when I went to work,
I arrived at my office
and found the new supervisor sitting in my chair
that I had occupied for 20 years.
I saw my résumé in his hand.
He congratulated me for being a hard worker
who was honest and productive,
but he said there was just one thing missing:
I needed to join a political party.
I replied as tactfully as I could
that my wife and I were Jehovah’s Witnesses
and that we were neutral in political matters.
The mood quickly deteriorated.
Visibly angered,
the supervisor’s facial expression
and tone of voice changed,
and he threatened me,
saying that if I did not join the political party,
then that would be my last day at work.
I did not sign it or join the political party,
because that would be like committing adultery
and keeping quiet about it.
I would feel as if I had betrayed Jehovah.
I could have signed it and kept my old job,
but I knew my conscience
would bother me for the rest of my life.
I would never be able to go to the congregation
and serve as an elder
knowing that I had let Jehovah down.
Suddenly, I was unemployed.
I lost 20 years of work
and the severance and seniority pay I was due.
My wife and my daughters were waiting for me.
And right then and there,
we prayed together
and asked Jehovah to please provide for us,
to please not let us
be tempted beyond what we could bear.
We knew that we were facing a huge test,
but that we would prevail
because we had been obedient to Jehovah.
Since losing my job,
I’ve done several different odd jobs
like gardening and painting houses,
and at present, I work with public transportation.
My daughter, Genesaret, the second oldest,
paints pictures, and we sell them.
My wife makes food and homemade sweets,
and we have learned other skills as well.
We have greatly simplified our life.
My wife and I were even invited
to pioneer school in 2014.
Our two older daughters
auxiliary pioneer from time to time,
and our youngest daughter,
who is 13, was baptized.
Jehovah has never let us down.